README.md, before:

## Google Doc to clean HTML converter
A fork of the [original GoogleDoc2Html repo](https://github.com/thejimbirch/GoogleDoc2Html) customized for use with specific BH properties.

### Important notes
* Image format in the Google Document should be _In line_ (the default option), not wrapped.
* To add an image alt, select an image and navigate to Format > Alt text. Then, put the alt text in the _Title_ field.

### Instructions
* Select the conversion function for the desired property (e.g. convertCreditLoan)
* [Link to additional instructions](https://howchoo.com/g/ymy2zjfjy2j/how-to-export-clean-html-from-google-docs)

### Branded Holdings-specific features
There are a few features that are specific to Branded Holdings content generation and usage.

#### Image Filename Prefixes
To prefix all image filenames with some string, define it in the `processImage` function. For example, the following would result in image filenames such as `some-prefix-alt-text-1.jpg` and `some-prefix-alt-text-2.jpg`:

```javascript
imagePrefix = 'some-prefix', // add custom image prefix here (e.g. 'some-prefix')
```

#### Graphic List
To generate a graphic list, first create a table with two columns and a separate row for each item:
1. Column 1: Should contain the graphic-list image
1. Column 2: Should contain the graphic-list content (text, headings, lists, etc.)

Then, insert the text `{{graphic_list}}` anywhere in the table. For example:

![Graphic list usage example](/examples/img/example-graphic-list-table.png?raw=true)

Note: the text `{{graphic_list}}` will automatically be stripped out when output is generated.

#### Expander
To generate an expander list (e.g. for use in FAQs), first create a table with two columns and a separate row for each item:
1. Column 1: Should contain the expander heading/trigger (e.g. FAQ question)
1. Column 2: Should contain the expander content (e.g. FAQ answer)

Then, insert the text `{{expander}}` anywhere in the table. For example:

![Graphic list usage example](/examples/img/example-expander-table.png?raw=true)

Note: the text `{{expander}}` will automatically be stripped out when output is generated. It is recommended you use the same formatting for all trigger (question) cells (Column 1), or else the expander will not look uniform.

Commit message:

Add table_of_contents shortcode support

README.md, after:

## Google Doc to clean HTML converter
A fork of the [original GoogleDoc2Html repo](https://github.com/thejimbirch/GoogleDoc2Html) customized for use with specific BH properties.

### Important notes
* Image format in the Google Document should be _In line_ (the default option), not wrapped.
* To add an image alt, select an image and navigate to Format > Alt text. Then, put the alt text in the _Title_ field.

### Instructions
* Select the conversion function for the desired property (e.g. convertCreditLoan)
* [Link to additional instructions](https://howchoo.com/g/ymy2zjfjy2j/how-to-export-clean-html-from-google-docs)

### Branded Holdings-specific features
There are a few features that are specific to Branded Holdings content generation and usage.

#### Image Filename Prefixes
To prefix all image filenames with some string, define it in the `processImage` function. For example, the following would result in image filenames such as `some-prefix-alt-text-1.jpg` and `some-prefix-alt-text-2.jpg`:

```javascript
imagePrefix = 'some-prefix', // add custom image prefix here (e.g. 'some-prefix')
```

#### Graphic List
To generate a graphic list, first create a table with two columns and a separate row for each item:
1. Column 1: Should contain the graphic-list image
1. Column 2: Should contain the graphic-list content (text, headings, lists, etc.)

Then, insert the text `{{graphic_list}}` anywhere in the table. For example:

![Graphic list usage example](/examples/img/example-graphic-list-table.png?raw=true)

Note: the text `{{graphic_list}}` will automatically be stripped out when output is generated.

#### Expander
To generate an expander list (e.g. for use in FAQs), first create a table with two columns and a separate row for each item:
1. Column 1: Should contain the expander heading/trigger (e.g. FAQ question)
1. Column 2: Should contain the expander content (e.g. FAQ answer)

Then, insert the text `{{expander}}` anywhere in the table. For example:

![Expander usage example](/examples/img/example-expander-table.png?raw=true)

Note: the text `{{expander}}` will automatically be stripped out when output is generated. It is recommended you use the same formatting for all trigger (question) cells (Column 1), or else the expander will not look uniform.

#### Table of Contents
To generate the table of contents div (selector), insert the text `{{table_of_contents}}`, on its own line, wherever you'd like it to appear. It **should not** be embedded inside of a table or any other component.
